<!--
  ~ Copyright (c) 2011. betterForm Project - http://www.betterform.de
  ~ Licensed under the terms of BSD License
  -->

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
    <head>
		<meta name="name" content="services"/>
		<title>betterFORM Services</title>
        <!--<script src="http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.4/jquery.min.js" type="text/javascript"></script>-->
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jqueryui/1.7.1/themes/base/jquery-ui.css"> </link>
        <script type="text/javascript" src="http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.6.4/jquery.min.js"></script>
        <script type="text/javascript" src="http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jqueryui/1.8.16/jquery-ui.min.js"></script>
        <link type="text/css" href="http://coda.co.za/content/projects/jquery.twitter/jquery.twitter.css"/>
        <script type="text/javascript" src="http://coda.co.za/content/projects/jquery.twitter/jquery.twitter.js"></script>
        <script type="text/javascript">
                $(function() {
                    $("#dialog").dialog({
                                    autoOpen: false,
			                        height: 300,
                        			width: 700,
                                    closeOnEscape:true,
                                    show: 'size',
                                    hide: 'size'

                    });
                    // 'blind', 'bounce', 'clip', 'drop', 'explode', 'fold', 'highlight', 'puff', 'pulsate', 'scale', 'shake', 'size', 'slide', 'transfer'.
                    $('.ui-widget').live('click', function() {
                        $('#dialog').dialog( "close" );
                    });

                    $(document).ready(function() {
                        $("#twitter").getTwitter({
                            userName: "betterFORM2010",
                            numTweets: 5,
                            loaderText: "Loading tweets...",
                            slideIn: true,
                            showHeading: true,
                            headingText: "Latest News",
                            showProfileLink: true
                        });
                    });



                });
        </script>
        <style type="text/css">
            h2{
                margin-top:35px;
            }
            td {
                padding:5px;
                background:white;
            }

            .col-1 {
                border-top: 1px solid #565656;
                border-bottom: 1px solid #565656;
                border-left: 1px solid #565656;
                text-align: left;
                width: 230px;
                vertical-align:middle;
                text-align:left;

            }

            .col-2 {
                border-top: 1px solid #565656;
                border-bottom: 1px solid #565656;
                width: 100px;
                vertical-align:middle;
                text-align:center;
            }

            .col-3 {
                border-top: 1px solid #565656;
                border-bottom: 1px solid #565656;
                text-align:center;
                width: 114px;
                vertical-align:middle;
                text-align:center;
            }

            .col-4 {
                border-top: 1px solid #565656;
                border-bottom: 1px solid #565656;
                border-right: 1px solid #565656;
                text-align: center;
                width: 142px;
                vertical-align:middle;
                text-align:center;
            }

            table{
                margin-bottom:30px;
                border-collapse:collapse;
            }
            table td{
                border-color:#488AA6;
                border-left:none;
                border-right:none;
            }

            .contentBody p{
                margin-right:134px;
            }
            .hint{
                font-size:0.9em;
                font-style:italic;
                margin-top:-25px;
            }
            #generalPrices .col-1{
                width:180px;
            }

            #generalPrices .col-2{
                text-align:right;
                padding-right:50px;
            }
            .generalPricesHeader .col-1,.generalPricesHeader .col-2{
                background:transparent;
                border:none;
            }
            .generalPricesHeader .col-3,.generalPricesHeader .col-4{
                border-top:none;
            }
        </style>

    </head>
    <body id="services" class="ui-widget-overlay">
		<div id="sub-header">
			<h1>Services</h1>
		</div>

		<div id="main-content" class="ui-widget-overlay">

            <button type="button" onclick="$('#dialog').dialog('open')" value="hallo">click</button>
            <!-- content -->

            <div id="twitter"></div>

            <div class="demo">

                <div id="dialog" title="General Pricing" style="height: 344px;width: 600px;">
                    <table id="generalPrices" border="0" cellspacing="0" cols="4" rules="none">
                        <tbody>
                            <tr class="generalPricesHeader">
                                <td class="col-1"></td>
                                <td class="col-2"></td>
                                <td class="col-3">For Startup contractors</td>
                                <td class="col-4">For Enterprise contractors</td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr>
                                <td class="col-1">Development Day</td>
                                <td class="col-2">850 &#x20AC;</td>
                                <td class="col-3">825 &#x20AC;</td>
                                <td class="col-4">800 &#x20AC;</td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr>
                                <td class="col-1">Consulting Day</td>
                                <td class="col-2">850 &#x20AC;</td>
                                <td class="col-3">825 &#x20AC;</td>
                                <td class="col-4">800 &#x20AC;</td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr>
                                <td class="col-1">Training Day</td>
                                <td class="col-2">1000 &#x20AC;</td>
                                <td class="col-3">950 &#x20AC;</td>
                                <td class="col-4">900 &#x20AC;</td>
                            </tr>
                        </tbody>
                    </table>
                    <p class="hint">Prices excluding VAT and travel expenses</p>
                </div>



            </div>
            <!-- End demo -->
            <p>The betterFORM Project provides more than 10 years experience in consulting &amp; developing web
                applications for customers from all over the world. As well as the betterFORM product &amp; utilized
                technolgies are open our thinking is open as well. And we love to share it. For that reason betterFORM
                provides both standardized and individual XML / XForms trainings based on our customers needs. Further we
                support customers at any stage of their product development lifecycle. Starting from setting up a
                project, deciding which technologies to use, special questions about XForms development until getting the
                application production ready and deployed.
            </p>

            <p name="tobi">The betterFORM Project has more than 10 years experience in consulting and developing web
                applications for customers from all over the world. Like the utilized technologies and the betterFORM product
                are open so is our attitude. As we love to share our wisdom betterFORM we also provide both standardized and
                individual XML / XForms trainings based on our customers needs. Further we support customers at any stage of
                their product development lifecycle. Starting from setting up a project, deciding which technologies to use,
                special questions about XForms development until getting the application production ready and deployed.
            </p>
            <div>
                <h2 id="consulting">Consulting</h2>

                <p>In various projects betterFORM consulted customers to get the most of their data. We accompanied many
                    customers in managing their data. Sharing what's public and securing whats private.</p>

                <p>No matter if it's about a small webapp or the enterprise business application, we listen to the needs and
                    requirements of our clients as base to illuminate their possibilities.</p>

                <p>With our experience, technical brainpower, creativity and fresh ideas we counsel clients to find the
                    most appropriate solution for their issues.</p>

                <p>Please <a href="mailto:info@betterform.de">contact us</a> to discuss where we can help you!</p>
            </div>
            <div name="tobi">
                <h2 id="consulting">Consulting</h2>

                <p>In various projects betterFORM consulted customers to get the most of their data. We accompanied many
                    clients in managing their data. Sharing what's public and securing whats private.</p>

                <p>No matter if it's about a small webapp or an enterprise business application, we listen to the needs and
                    requirements of our takers and take these factors as foundation to illuminate their possibilities.</p>

                <p>With our experience, technical brainpower, creativity and fresh ideas we counsel clients to find the
                    most appropriate solution for their issues.</p>

                <p>Please <a href="mailto:info@betterform.de">contact us</a> to discuss where we can help you!</p>
            </div>
            <div>
                <h2 id="development">Development</h2>


                <p>We believe that technology should help people in their everyday life and make it easier. The
                    applications we created for our customers in the eHealth &amp; eGovernment sections are steps into
                    this
                    direction</p>

                <p>Our consequent orientation on open technologies and open industry standards guarantees the longevity
                    and
                    flexibility of our solutions. We always work closely with our customers to find the best solution
                    and to
                    provide functional software as early as possible. Attractive and convenient user interfaces increase
                    the
                    acceptance and efficient utilization of our applications.</p>

                <p>We don't think that there is only one technology to build everything. We are convinced that each
                    individual problem needs an appropriate solution.
                    We utilize various programming languages and technologies like Java
                    / J2EE, XML, XSLT, XPath, XQuery, (X)HTML, JavaScript, CSS and Objective-C.</p>

                <p>We successfully passed <a href="references.xhtml">many projects</a> using this approach.</p>

                <p>Please <a href="mailto:info@betterform.de">contact us</a> to talk about your requirements and for an
                    individual offer!</p>
            </div>
            <div name="tobi">
                <h2 id="development">Development</h2>


                <p>We believe that technology should help to make everyday life easier for the people. The
                    applications we created for our customers in the eHealth and eGovernment sections are steps into
                    this direction. ...</p>

                <p>Our consequent orientation on open technologies and open industry standards guarantees the longevity
                    and
                    flexibility of our solutions. We always work closely with our customers to find the best solution
                    and to
                    provide them functional software as early as possible. Attractive and convenient user interfaces increase
                    the
                    acceptance and efficient utilization of our applications.</p>

                <p>We don't think that there is only one technology to build everything. We are convinced that each
                    individual problem needs an appropriate solution.
                    We utilize various programming languages and technologies like Java
                    / J2EE, XML, XSLT, XPath, XQuery, (X)HTML, JavaScript, CSS and Objective-C.</p>

                <p>We successfully passed <a href="references.xhtml">many projects</a> using this approach.</p>

                <p>Please <a href="mailto:info@betterform.de">contact us</a> to talk about your requirements and for an
                    individual offer!</p>
            </div>
            <div>
                <h2 id="training">Training</h2>

                <p>You plan to create your own XForms application or want some help developing your existing one.
                    betterFORM supplies in-house and on-site XForms / betterFORM trainings. With our partner
                    <a href="http://www.systemfeld-campus.de/">Systemfeld</a> we offer regular trainings about XML /
                    XForms and Webtechnologies.
                    See the official Systemfeld <a
                            href="http://www.systemfeld-campus.de/epages/63057176.sf/de_DE/?ObjectPath=/Shops/63057176/Categories/Anbieter/%22betterFORM%20Project%22">training</a>
                    page for concrete dates.
                </p>
                <p>
                    Further we offer individual trainings tailored to your needs / topics you are interested in. Many
                    projects we accompanied started with one of these individual training. Trainings are available in-house
                    starting from € 1000 / day (excluding VAT) as well as on-side at a place you like starting from
                    € 1250 / day (excluding VAT). For on-side trainings sustentation and travel costs are additional.
                </p>
                <p>Usually attendees bring their laptops to our trainings but we although have the possibility to provide
                    one for extra costs. The only prerequisite if you bring your own is that Java 6 or higher is installed,
                    betterFORM itself works on any Windows, Mac or Unix machine.
                </p>

                <p><a href="mailto:info@betterform.de">Contact us</a> to find more out more about betterFORM training supply.</p>
            </div>
            <div>
                <h2 id="support">Support</h2>

                <p>Next to consulting and development betterFORM provides support for their own products. Our support
                    contracts
                    enables customers to talk with the experts, guaranteed updates suited for their application, issue
                    tracking and
                    much more. No matter if a project just kicked off or was finished years ago. We upgrade your aging
                    Chiba XForms
                    based application to the latest betterFORM release, offer performance analysis and enhancement of
                    your application
                    and help you out with all your XForms troubles.
                </p>

                <p>See our <a href="support.xhtml">support page</a> for detailed information or <a href="mailto:info@betterform.de">contact us</a></p>
            </div>
		</div>
    </body>
</html>
