<!--
  ~ Copyright (c) 2011. betterFORM Project - http://www.betterform.de
  ~ Licensed under the terms of BSD License
  -->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="de" lang="de">
    <head>
        <title>Privacy betterFORM</title>
		<meta name="name" content="privacy"/>
        <meta name="keywords" content="betterFORM, kontakt, joern turner, turner, lars windauer, windauer"/>
		<style type="text/css">
			.tableHeading {
				font-size: large;
			}

			.tableHeadingLine2 {
				display: block;
				font-size: small;
				font-variant: small-caps;
				padding-top: 5px;
			}

			.subTableHeading {
				color: scrollbar;
				font-family: arial, sans-serif;
				font-size: 13px;
				font-style: italic;
				font-weight: bold;
				line-height: 105%;
			}


			.outertr {
				vertical-align: top;
			}

			.outertd {
				vertical-align: top;
				/*background:white;*/
				 -webkit-border-radius:10px;
				 -moz-border-radius:10px;
			}

			td {
				padding: 5px;
			}

			.col-1 {
				clear: both;
				display: block;
				padding: 10px 20px 5px 5px;
				text-align: right;
				vertical-align: top;
				width: 80px;
			}

			.col-2 {
				padding-left: 10px;
				padding-right: 10px;
				padding-top: 10px;
				text-align: left;
				vertical-align: top;
				width: 250px;
			}

			.splitterHorizontal {
				display:block;
				width:10px;
			}
			.splitterVertical {
				/*background:blue;*/
			}
			.network {
				cursor:pointer;
				cursor:hand;
			}

		</style>
    </head>
    <body id="contact">
		<div id="sub-header">
			<h1>Privacy Notice</h1>

		</div>
		<div id="main-content">
            <p>
                We are happy about your interest in our website. Protection of your privacy is an important topic for us.
                Here you find detailed information about how we deal with personal data.
            </p>
            <h2>Personal Data</h2>
            <p>
                You may visit our site without giving any information about yourself. We just store connection data
                without any relation to your person such as the name of your internet service provider, the page
                you are coming from and the name(s) of the file(s) you requested. These data are used to improve our service
                and allow no inference of personal data.
            </p>
            <p>
                Personal data are required when ordering a product from our website. In this case you will be
                asked to provide some information which allow us to handle your order. We will use this information
                strictly in context with the fulfillment of the order and will not pass them to any third party.
                We will store these data just as long as is necessary to fulfill the order or contract and to conform
                to German tax law. Afterwards all of your data will be deleted.
            </p>
            <h2>Use of Cookies</h2>
            <p>
                On some pages we use cookies to improve the experience of our website. These are small text files which
                are stored on your local hard disk. Most of these cookies get deleted once your session on our website
                ends. Other cookies (persistent cookies) might stay on your computer to allow us a better service when
                you come back to our website. You can control your cookies in the preference settings of your browser.
                Deleting cookies from your computer does not have any negative impact beyond the fact that you might
                need to re-enter some information previously given to us.
            </p>

            <h2>Google Analytics</h2>

            <p>This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google
                Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how
                users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be
                transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States .</p>

            <p>In case IP-anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within the area
                of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
                Only in exceptional cases the whole IP address will be first transfered to a Google server in the USA
                and truncated there. The IP-anonymisation is active on this website.</p>

            <p>Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating
                your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing them
                other services relating to website activity and internet usage.</p>

            <p>The IP-address, that your Browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics, will not be associated
                with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate
                settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full
                functionality of this website. You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics with effect
                for the future by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Addon for your current web
                browser: <a href="http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en">http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en</a>.
            </p>

            <h2>Use of Personal Data</h2>
            <p>
                Personal data are forwarded to a bank for the purpose of fulfilling orders or contracts.
                Further personal data are passed to our tax accountant for handling local taxes.
            </p>
            <h2>Disclosure</h2>
            <p>
                You may request information about personal data stored by us at any time.
            </p>
            <h2>Contact</h2>
            <p>
                If you got questions regarding privacy and the use of personal data please contact under the
                following address:
                Herrn Jörn Turner, Hohenzollerndamm 7, 10717 Berlin, Germany or send a mail to info at betterform dot de.
            </p>

		</div>
    </body>
</html>
