<!--
  ~ Copyright (c) 2011. betterForm Project - http://www.betterform.de
  ~ Licensed under the terms of BSD License
  -->

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
    <head>
		<meta name="name" content="services"/>
        <meta name="keywords" content="betterFORM, expert knowledge, expert, knowledge, professional services, services, customers, development, training, consulting, Java Enterprise Development, Web Applications, System integration, XML Application Development, XML Toolchain, XForms, XSLT, XQuery, XPath, Custom Component Development, User Interface Design, JavaScript Development, Mobile Applications, Native iOS Applications, Java, J2EE, XML, XSLT, XPath, XQuery, XHTML, JavaScript, CSS, Objective-C"/>
        <title>betterFORM Services</title>
    </head>
    <body id="services">
		<div id="sub-header">
			<h1>Services</h1>
            <p>
                betterFORM offers expert knowledge and professional services for XML, XForms and Web technologies. We support
                customers at any stage of their development and application lifecycle.
            </p>
		</div>

		<div id="main-content">
            <div>
                <h2 id="consulting">Consulting</h2>

                <p>In various projects betterFORM helped customers to get the most of their data.</p>

                <p>No matter if it's about small webapps or enterprise-scale applications, we listen to the needs and
                    requirements of our clients to explore their possibilities.</p>

                <p>With our experience, technical brainpower, creativity and fresh ideas we counsel clients to find the
                    most appropriate solution for their requirements.</p>

                <p class="contactus">Please <a href="mailto:info@betterform.de">contact us</a> to discuss where we can help you!</p>
            </div>
            <div>
                <h2 id="development">Development</h2>


                <p>Technology should help people in their everyday life and make it easier. The
                    applications we create for our customers in the eHealth &amp; eGovernment domain are examples
                    for this motivation.</p>

                <p>Open technologies and open industry standards guarantee the longevity
                    and
                    flexibility of our solutions. We always work close to our customers and
                    provide functional software as early as possible. Attractive and convenient user interfaces increase
                    the
                    acceptance and efficient utilization of our applications.</p>

                <p>We don't think that there is only one technology to build everything. Each
                    individual problem needs an appropriate consideration.
                </p>
                <!--<p>Various programming languages and technologies like Java
                    / J2EE, XML, XSLT, XPath, XQuery, (X)HTML, JavaScript, CSS and Objective-C.</p>
                <p>betterFORM has build various applications for customers from all over the world. Starting with XML
                applications using the complete XML toolchain (XForms, XSLT, XQuery, XPath, ...), custom components to
                control industrial machines and tunnel building to User Interface Design and developping native iOS applications</p>
-->
                <p>
                    Our technology profile:
                </p>
                <ul>
                    <li>XForms Development and Training</li>
                    <li>Web Applications</li>
                    <li>XML Application Development</li>
                    <li>Java Enterprise Development</li>
                    <li>System integration</li>
                    <li>Cross-browser solutions</li>
                    <li>XML Toolchain (XForms, XSLT, XQuery, XPath, ...)</li>
                    <li>Custom Component Development</li>
                    <li>User Interface Design</li>
                    <li>JavaScript Development</li>
                    <li>Mobile Applications</li>
                    <li>Native iOS Applications</li>
			    </ul>
                <p class="contactus">Take a look at our <a href="solutions.html">references</a> or <a href="mailto:info@betterform.de">contact us</a>
                    directly to get to know more
                </p>
            </div>
            <div>
                <h2 id="training">Training</h2>

                <p>
                    betterFORM supplies in-house and on-site XForms / betterFORM trainings. With our partner
                    <a href="http://www.systemfeld-campus.de/">Systemfeld</a> we offer regular trainings about XML /
                    XForms and Webtechnologies.
                    See the official Systemfeld <a
                            href="http://www.systemfeld-campus.de/epages/63057176.sf/de_DE/?ObjectPath=/Shops/63057176/Categories/Anbieter/%22betterFORM%20Project%22">training</a>
                    page for concrete dates.
                </p>
                <p>
                    Further we offer individual trainings tailored to your needs. Trainings are available in-house
                    starting from € 1000 / day (excluding VAT) as well as on-side at a place you like starting from
                    € 1250 / day (excluding VAT). For on-side trainings travel expenses are additional.
                </p>
<!--
                <p>Usually attendees bring their laptops to our trainings but we although have the possibility to provide
                    one for extra costs. The only prerequisite if you bring your own is that Java 6 or higher is installed,
                    betterFORM itself works on any Windows, Mac or Unix machine.
                </p>
-->

                <p class="contactus"><a href="mailto:info@betterform.de">Contact us</a> to find more out more about betterFORM training supply.</p>
            </div>
            <div>
                <h2 id="support">Support</h2>
                <p>User building applications with betterFORM software can rely on our professional support services.
                    See our <a href="support.html">support page</a> to learn more.</p>
            </div>
            <div>
                <h2 id="prices">General Pricing</h2>
                <table id="bfGeneralPrices" border="0" >
                    <tbody>
                        <tr>
                            <td>Consulting Day</td>
                            <td>850 €</td>
                        </tr>
                        <tr>
                            <td>Development Day</td>
                            <td >850 €</td>
                        </tr>
                        <tr>
                            <td>Training Day</td>
                            <td>1000 €</td>
                        </tr>
                    </tbody>
                </table>
                <p class="contactus">Prices excluding VAT and travel expenses. Special conditions apply for longer term contracts, <a href="mailto:info@betterform.de">contact us</a> for individual offers. </p>
            </div>
		</div>
    </body>
</html>
