<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>betterFORM Product: Documentation / FAQ / Source Code / Wiki</title>
		<meta name="name" content="product"/>

		<!--[if IE]>
		<style type="text/css">
			#product .downloadButton {
				margin-right: 10px;
			}
		</style>
		<![endif]-->

	</head>
	<body id="product">
			<div id="sub-header">
			<h1>Solutions</h1>
<!--
			<table id="featureTable">
				<tr>
					<td>easy installation</td>
					<td>full XForms 1.1 implementation</td>
					<td>Open Source under BSD or Apache 2 license</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td>seamless integration</td>
					<td>cross-browser - no plugins</td>
					<td>completely based on open standards</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td>rapid web application development</td>
					<td>dynamic subforms</td>
					<td>professional support</td>
				</tr>
			</table>
-->
		</div>

		<div id="main-content">
            <div id="boxleft">
                <h2 id="references">References</h2>
                <p>Slider von früherer Indexseite?</p>


                <h2 id="ria">Rich Internet Applications</h2>
                <p>RIA != HTML Webpage</p>
                <p>dynamic web 2.0 </p>
                <p>AJAX</p>
                <p>cross browser based</p>
                <p>without plugins</p>
                <p>create once run everywhere</p>
                <div name="ria-tobi">
                    <h2 id="ria">Rich Internet Applications</h2>
                    <p>
                    We build plugin-free, highly dynamic Web 2.0 Rich Internet Application based on Open Standards.
                     These will run in any major Browser on the market. This means that one Application has to be developed
                     only once and can than be run everywhere where a modern browser is available. So you can instantly reach your Users on mobile Devices,
                     in their Living Room and their Office not needing them to install any client software.
                    </p>
                </div>

                <h2 id="eforms">eForms / XForms</h2>

                <p>forms are everywhere</p>
                <p>surveys, eGov,eHealth</p>
                <p>dynamic form applications</p>
                <p>easy to integrate</p>
                <p>pluggable</p>
                <p>seamless integration</p>
                <p>validation, calculation</p>
                <p>data in XML, dynamic web 2.0 forms (not static), filled out forms are presented as PDF, Word, Excel</p>
                <p>Connect arbitrary data bases, backend system, business rules</p>
                <div id="lars">
                    <p>betterFORM eForms provides a generic standardized XForms based solution to
                    create dynamic forms for any kind of user input within Web-Applications. No custom scripting is needed to
                    validate user inputs, calculate data or to create fancy Web 2.0 ui controls. Thanks to strong
                    typing controls are rendered depending on how they are typed (e.q. data typed as boolean is rendered as a checkbox)
                    </p>
                    <p>Unlike proprietary software betterFORM eForms is based on the open W3C XForms standard guaranteeing a long
                        life time and interoperability with existing and future XForms implementations.
                    </p>
                    <p></p>
                </div>

                <div name="eforms-tobi">
                        <h2 id="eforms">eForms / XForms</h2>
                    <p>
                    Building vibrant form-based Applications is one of the cornerstones of our expertise, we use and used forms in projects for customers from lines of business like eHealth,
                     eGovernment and eCommerce. As you may have experienced for yourself "Forms are everywhere". Our Solutions provided a plugable and seamless integration into your current
                     setup up(?). They give you the advantage of sophisticated validation and calculation mechanisms, easy access to databases and backend systems with the possibility to present
                     collected or already existing data inside a browser or even as normal documents like PDF, Word or Excel files.
                    </p>
                    </div>

                
                <h2 id="xml-applications">XML Applications</h2>
                <p>no mappings between relational data, objects and markup, just XML</p>
                <p>XML from front to back</p>
                <p>wikibook: "a single data format (XML) on the client, middle tier and the databases server."</p>
                <p>feature complete framework for building complex data oriented applications</p>
                <p>Application itself can be placed within the database -> easy to maintain, really fast</p>
                <p>various integration scenarios matching any need: all in one, distributed architectures</p>

                <div name="xml-applications-tobi">
                    <h2 id="xml-applications">XML Applications</h2>
                    <p>
                       If processing large amounts of data in XML-structures is your livelihood utilizing XML-Application is a natural way to go.
                        "XML from front to back" will give one the advantage that there is no need to shred data into tables rows, just a single
                        elegant data format trough all parts of a software solutions. With XQuery there exists an easy to use and learn query
                        language based on established W3C-standards like XPath. Appliance of other XML-technologies like XSLT and XML-FO will broaden
                        the capabilities even more.
                    </p>

                </div>

                <h2 id="data-management">Data Management</h2>

                <p>Real-life data is unstructured, does not need be forced into relational databases but stays
                unstructured in XML databases</p>
                <p>Major industry standards like HL7, AIXM, Finance.. are already defined in XML Schema</p>
                    <p>generate XForms from XML Schema </p>
                    <p>data validation through XML Schema</p>
                <p></p>

                <div name="data-management-tobi">
                    <h2 id="data-management">Data Management</h2>
                    <p>Ever dreamed of just using your XML-Data without the hassle to use a mapping to store it inside a database? Are you using
                        established standards which provide their own XML-schema definitions like Health Level 7 or Aeronautical Information Exchange Model?
                        Want to create usable and clear user interfaces from schema definitions or even validate your data through these? Then betterFORM
                        XForms is the right companion for the task at hand.
                    </p>

                </div>






                <h2 id="eai">EAI / SOA</h2>
                <p>Enterprise Application Integration (EAI) / Service Orientated Architectures (SOA)</p>
                <p>Easily integrates with existing web services via HTTP / REST / SOAP / XML RPC</p>
                <p>Aggregation: receive data &amp; markup from different sources to create new stunning mesh-ups</p>
                <p>guaranteed compatibility by utilizing well known web standards</p>
                <p>easy to extend</p>
                <p>don't write everything anew but migrate your software step by step</p>
                <p>Templating with load embed mechanism</p>
                <p>strict server side validation, avoiding man in the middle attacks </p>
            </div>
            <div id="boxright">
            </div>

		</div>
	</body>
</html>
